Update 02-tools.md (#6)
pixielabs/handbook: 01-working-at-pixie-labs/02-tools.md

kinds of files. Set up a shared Dropbox folder for them if necessary.

## Tracking time
Use [Harvest](https://www.getharvest.com) to track your time against subtasks 

> directly from ClickUp. We track our timeso we know we are balancing our client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly from ClickUp. We track our time so we know we are balancing our client
```

> projects correctly. Use[Forecast](https://forecastapp.com/) to see what projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
projects correctly. Use [Forecast](https://forecastapp.com/) to see what projects
```

> you arebooked on in the coming days and weeks. This allows you to effectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you are booked on in the coming days and weeks. This allows you to effectively
```
